Chupycabra  0.1 README A. R. Diederich <andrewdied@gmail.com

Introduction
-------------
Chupycabra is a Python module for the jabber instant messaging protocol.
The library is forked from the jabberpy project, 
http://jabberpy.sourceforge.net/, written by Matthew Allum.  

While the goal is XMPP compliance, some old jabber elements will remain.
It deals with the xml parsing and socket code, leaving the programmer
to concentrate on developing quality jabber based applications with Python.

The eventual aim is to produce a fully featured easy to use library for
creating both jabber clients and servers, especially for use in testing
and compliance sweets. 

Initially chupycabra requires python 2.x.  This will rapidly include more
recent features in python, and require 2.6.  No decision has been made for
when to move to jabber 3.x, though the code will be tested for that move.

It is developed on Linux but may run happily on over Unix's and win32.

For more infomation see https://launchpad.net/chupycabra.

Whats Needed
------------- 
You need python >=2.0 with the expat modules installed. You can check
for the expat modules by opening up a Python shell ( make sure it 
reports at least version 2 ) and enter 'import xml.parsers.expat' . 
If you get an error you need to install the python expat libs... 

To do this;

For Debian users;

You need the python2-base package installed, then as root;

apt-get install python2-xml

From Python source (Un*x);

Before compiling Python, have a look at the file Modules/Setup in the
distrubution directory. At the bottom of the file you'll find some 
instructions for installing the expat modules, follow them !

For Windows Users;

AFAIK the windows Python Binary (from python.org) comes with expat 
support included. If you are using windows see the 'notes' section at
the bottom of this readme.  

Installation
-------------
From the untared distrubution directory; As root run;

python setup.py install

Alternatively just copy xmlstream.py and jabber.py to somewhere in your
PYTHONPATH. 

The examples directory contains some simple jabber based programs which 
use the library. See examples/README

Documentaion
-------------
The modules contain embedded docmentation, use pydoc to present this is 
a nice readable format. 

Also see the protocol documentation on jabber.org and the source code for
the scripts in examples/* . 


Notes
-----
<> The library should run fine on windows. Unfortunatly the test 
   client will not as it 'selects' on a file handle and 
   windows does not support this. If anyone knows a workaround
   for this please then inform me.

<> Mailing list.  No mailing list is currently available, but as the 
   project continues this will happen.

<> Name.  I like Red Vs Blue (http://redvsblue.com) and I've lived in a CHU.
